docs: add pg wire insert examples in Go, Java, Python and C (#176)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/develop/query-data.md

	checkErr(err)
	defer db.Close()

>     //currently we do not support queries with named variables in GO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Currently, we do not support queries with bind parameters in Go
```
